Oh petunia
well it's like the show of the whole
year it's like the top pristine show in
the whole year and he doesn't like to
live up to because his aunt won the
breed here twice his uncle won the breed
here last year and his father won the
grandfather won the breed here three
times so he's got a lot to live up to
yeah
um partly the way he's made where he's
put together in his attitude and he
enjoys showing and thinks it's fun so
that's good can't do you think it's fun
see
her mother actually won Best of Breed
here in 2009 so we're hoping to make it
a second generation when but she loves
the show and she knows it's her job
oh very much
but yes this is al and hit last year he
showed and got an award of merit
and he loves the ring and he's just a
super super little guy